I'm guessing this is from Oh Thank You
Melanie okay this one right here is from
me okay ah it's light it rattles its
travel Scrabble
thank you
it's lunch from Joey feels like buck
think it's both physical and Isabel
oh it's dr. Seuss that book got me
through some tough times there is a
little child inside this man yes the
doctors say if they remove it he'll die
this route oh that's rust Oh oh my god
he remembered remembered what it was
like months ago we were walking by this
antique store and I saw this pin in the
window and I told him that it was just
like one my grandmother had when I was a
little girl oh I can't believe he
remembered well sure but can you play it
on a plane
so pretty this must have cost him a
fortune I can't believe he did this
Mon Ross remember back in college when
he fell in love with Carol and bought
her that ridiculously expensive crystal
duck what did you just say
crystal duck no no no the the love part
my god oh no no no no that's good just
keep rubbing your head that'll turn back
time I mean this is unbelievable
I know this is really really huge no
it's not it's small its tiny its petite
its we uh I don't think any of our lives
are ever gonna be the same ever again
is there a mute button on this woman I
think it's so great but you and Ross did
you have any idea no none I mean my
first night in the city he mentioned
something about asking me out but had
nothing ever happened so I just well
what else did he say I mean to see like
want to go out with me well given that
he's desperately in love with you he
probably wouldn't mind getting a cup of
coffee or something all this time well
I've got to talk to him here he's in
China the country wait this light
doesn't leave for another 45 more
minutes what about the time difference
from here to the airport yes you're
never gonna make it well I've got a try
Rachel what are you gonna say to him I
don't know
well then maybe you shouldn't go he's
right cuz if you're just gonna like
break his heart that's the kind of thing
that can wait
yep that's good news you should tell him
now I don't know maybe I'll know when I
see him here look alright does this help
no look all I know is that I cannot wait
a week until I see him I mean this is
just too big you know just I just have
just got to talk to him I got it okay
I'll see you later Rachel I love you
deal with me first
i J for the thongs in your tongue all
right
the shower MA